The big red island is renowned as a place of incredible beauty and diversity.
About 75% of the plant and animal species found in Madagascar live nowhere else on the planet.
Another form of diversity on the island has to do with the directive given by Jesus at Luke 1242
that he would appoint a faithful and discreet steward over his body of attendance to keep giving them their measure of food supplies that the proper time.
Doing so for the diverse needs of this large island was the main reason for the original branch buildings that were constructed, which were dedicated December the 7th, 1996.
However, because of remarkable growth, it was not long before it became too small and construction was started once more.
Isaiah 54 and verse 2 foretold that this would happen during the time we are living in.
And so it became necessary to make the place of your tent more spacious and make your tent pants strong.
These newly expanded branch facilities were dedicated by brother Mark Sanderson of the governing body on Saturday, January 24th, 2015.
Brothers and sisters, it is a great privilege for me to be here today for the dedication of these expanded facilities in Madagascar.
The diversity among Jehovah's unified people was well represented by the hundreds of brothers and sisters at this special event.
Included were guests from 15 different countries, along with long time witnesses,
Bethelites, circuit overseers, special pioneers and missionaries, even some of the first missionaries were among the visitors.
In his dedication to brother Sanderson highlighted our ongoing spiritual building work, with those to whom we preach and with ourselves.
We have to help our students and our children to build their own relationship with Jehovah.
Is it your desire that we should dedicate these buildings to the worship and service of our God, Jehovah?
The expansion gives more office space for the Malagasy translation team for added projects.
This is a key to serving the food in the right language.
So that spiritual food can be served in the right locations, the new offices for the local design construction department,
help them to care for the construction of assembly and kingdom halls throughout the country.
These buildings serve as spiritual banquet halls for the more than 660 congregations.
But what about food in the right formats?
One of these formats is braille for the visually impaired.
In the main office complex, a braille transcription department has been added that produces braille publications in Malagasy.
One blind sister commented,
receiving braille publications in my mother tongue has really touched my heart.
Thank you.
The facilities now include a new Sign Language Studio for recording Madagascar Sign Language publications on DVD and JW.org.
With publications in this video format, Sign Language congregations and groups are actively helping the deaf to hear the good news in the language of their heart.
A special meeting was held the day after the dedication program which proved to be historic.
As 28,683 people attended either at the assembly hall or via a live stream video tie-in at their kingdom halls to listen to a special talk given by Brother Sanderson.
This represented nearly all of Jehovah's people in Madagascar.
Through these newly expanded branch facilities, the faithful and discreet slave continues to provide the people of Madagascar spiritual food supplies at the proper time,
at the right locations, in the correct languages and in up-to-date formats.